in this lecture,
we want to build out the functionality.
For more check info,
let's look at the man page and review the syntax of that command.
As you can see,
more check info works just like more user info,
where they state more check info,
then do dash dash and then the idea of a check.
Because of the similarities,
we can actually copy the logic from more user info and then customize it slightly toward
needs.
So I'm going down here to more user info.
I'm gonna copy the meat of this function,
then move on down to more check info and just paste it in here.
Just like more user info.
We want to get the I D from the string.
We want to split on dash dash and get the second element in the array.
But the second element is not going to be a user.
I d.
It's going to be a check.
Then we want to continue.
If there is a check,
i D.
And then we want to look up the check.
So we want to do with data read from the checks collection,
not from the user collection,
and we want to read by check,
i d.
It's going to return back in air and check data,
and then we want to continue on.
If there is no error and there is check data,
we don't need to remove the hash password because there's no such thing in the Czech object
.
And then we want to print the Jason object with text highlighting.
But it's going to be checked data,
not user data,
and we'll wrap it in vertical space on each side.
So that's all we need to do.
Let's go ahead and start the at backup and first will list the checks so we can get the
idea of a check.
I'm gonna grab this last check,
i d and now I'm going to say mawr check info,
Dash,
dash,
this I d.
You can see it spat out the object for this check.
We have the i.
D.
The user phone,
the protocol and all the other data about this check.
So more check info seems to be working just fine so we can kill this application and move
on to the next lecture